CIAC-13029: Pull All Incidents (#39692)
demisto/content: Packs/IronscalesEventCollector/Integrations/IronscalesEventCollector/README.md

| First fetch | False |
| Trust any certificate (not secure) | False |
| Use system proxy settings | False |
| Collect all incidents | False |

## Scopes

partner.all
company.all
partner.company.view
company.view

> ## Collect All Incidents

Reviewer: Should this be Incidents? For XSIAM should they be called Alerts or Issues or Events?

> Checking this box will fetch all incidents, not just the open ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checking this box will fetch all issues, not just open ones.
```

or alerts? or should it be left as events?

> Note: Currently, events of type ATO and MTS are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Currently, ATO and MTS event types are not supported.
```
